README.md, before:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">Join Our Newsletter | devChallenges</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenge/join-our-newsletter" target="_blank">Join Our Newsletter</a> from <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">devChallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="{https://your-demo-link.your-domain}">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="{https://your-url-to-the-solution}">
      Solution
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenge/join-our-newsletter">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Built with](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16707738/92399059-5716eb00-f132-11ea-8b14-bcacdc8ec97b.png)

<!--
Introduce your projects by taking a screenshot or a gif. Try to tell visitors a story about your project by answering:

- What have you learned/improved?
- Your wisdom? :)
-->

### What I learned

<!-- Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge. -->

### Useful resources

<!--
- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.
-->

### Built with

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges-dashboard) challenge.

## Acknowledgements

<!-- This section should list any articles or add-ons/plugins that helps you to complete the project. This is optional but it will help you in the future. For exmpale -->

## Author

- Website [your-website.com](https://{your-web-site-link})
- GitHub [@your-username](https://{github.com/your-usermame})

Commit message:

: Finalizing the challenge, uploading the project to netlify and finishing readme.md

README.md, after:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">Join Our Newsletter | devChallenges</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenge/join-our-newsletter" target="_blank">Join Our Newsletter</a> from <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">devChallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="https://devchallenge-join-our-newsletter.netlify.app">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="{https://your-url-to-the-solution}">
      Solution
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenge/join-our-newsletter">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Built with](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![Overview](resources/Overview.jpeg)

### What I learned

### Useful resources

[Box-sixing](https://www.paulirish.com/2012/box-sizing-border-box-ftw/)

[Normalize](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/8.0.1/normalize.css)

### Built with

I was able to review the flexbox and I learned how to change the color of an attribute, in this case the placeholder. I didn't have much complication and it was a good challenge.

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges-dashboard) challenge.

## Author

- Website [your-website.com](https://devchallenge-join-our-newsletter.netlify.app)
- GitHub [@your-username](https://github.com/Pogo182028)
